(Episode 28)
I fell asleep. Gosh, I totally dozed off.
Nothing happened while I fell asleep, right?
I had a dream.
It was a really upsetting dream.
Keep sleeping.
Should I?
Is today...
our...
First day of going out.
Gosh, you're cute.
You're cuter.
(Rest Stop)
Here's your Americano.
Thank you.
Are you up?
- Yes. - Here.
Thank you.
Let's go.
Should I drive around your neighborhood one more time?
It's already our fifth time.
You should go home now.
When are you going to come?
I'll call you after I take a nap.
What a pity.
Do you want to start working at my place again?
Hurry up and go home.
- Bye. - See you.
Okay.
Bye.
- Bye. - Okay.
See you.
Bye.
- Go on. - You go first.
- No, you go first. - You go first.
Hurry up. I'll go after I see you go inside.
Okay.
- Go on. - Bye. I'm really going this time.
Aunt Ji A.
Where were you last night?
Mount Hwangmae.
Mount Hwangmae? Why did you go there?
Aunt Ji A, wasn't it cold?
It wasn't cold at all. It was really warm.
Hey, go hit your aunt.
Come over here.
You cutie pie.
Chairman Hwang...
is waiting for you.
Where is my Aji 3?
Tomorrow, with our contract,
we can send Aji 3, really.
You got lucky.
You broke a promise to me.
And your son made me wait.
People don't break promises to me.
And they don't make me wait.
Because I don't forgive.
And I never forget.
You know me, Hwang Do Won.
Mr... Mr. Martin.
Bring me the Aji 3.
We will give it a thorough examination first.
Won't we, Doctor Casey?
Mr. Jang.
It's been a while.
Doctor Hong.
Just like you,
I also revered Chairman Park.
He was passionate about robots enough to...
create a secret team in his company.
Tomorrow, when the deal between...
KM Financial and Martin is finalized,
the chairman's dream...
will vanish forever.
Please help us.
Chairman Park's death was no accident.
Take this money...
and go abroad.
You were Chairman Park's driver for about five years.
Yes.
You...
did not see anything.
Me, Martin,
or Santa Maria.
Chairman Park died in a hit-and-run accident...
and you almost died yourself.
That's all you need to remember.
Chairman Park's accident.
Did you set it up?
Remember this.
You know nothing.
That's the only way to guarantee you and your family's safety.
Did Chairman Hwang Do Won really say that?
Did you record it?
The second I give you the recording, I might die.
I'm being chased right now. Give me time to think.
Did you find Jang Doo Sam?
Why? Did you think I didn't know?
I'll ask you point blank.
Chairman Park Sung Jin.
Did my dad kill him?
No.
Then who did?
When the deal's signed tomorrow, Director Kim will be fired.
No, that's not what I asked you.
If Min Kyu finds Jang Doo Sam,
what will happen next?
(Jo Jin Bae)
I'm sorry, sir.
Do you think you can survive...
in this company if you work like that?
I'm really sorry.
Why did you live your life like that, Min Kyu?
(Jo Jin Bae)
Is this Mr. Jo Jin Bae?
Yes, sir.
Have you eaten?
What?
Never mind.
Where are you right now?
On the way to court, to file the lawsuit.
The... The lawsuit?
Yes, against the Santa Maria Team and my sister Ji A.
Oh, yes, that, cancel that.
I won't sue them.
It's best that you go ahead so you don't regret later on.
I won't, I won't sue them.
I understand.
Who will you not sue, then?
Is it the Santa Maria Team or my sister?
Well... For now,
I can't be bothered, so drop the charges on both.
Yes, sir.
I'll keep the paperwork.
Tell me if you change your mind.
I won't change my mind. Just tear everything up.
Come to my place right now.
No.
Would you mind coming over, please?
Of course, sir.
I had something to report to you anyway.
Okay.
Gosh, what was that?
I've never felt that feeling before.
I don't think the term "full recovery" applies to you.
Depending on how you feel,
the symptoms can always disappear or come back.
It might be easier if you consider it a friend...
you're stuck with forever.
My illness is my friend?
One should learn to soothe their chronic illnesses.
The problem is that your medicines won't work as effectively.
You should be careful until a new one is developed.
I will.
If you reconciled with Ji A,
did you reconcile with the Santa Maria Team?
That's...
a different issue, I think.
You're the one who spent time with them.
What you feel would be the truth.
However, the people I saw...
were truly worried about you.
Please sit...
Mr. Jo.
No. It's fine, sir.
You don't have to stand so far away from me.
As long as we just don't touch.
It's fine, sir. I prefer it this way.
Okay, you prefer it that way.
I don't.
That's not what I asked you to do.
Just sit in the chair.
- Please. - Okay.
Then I'll sit.
(Vegetable juice)
You did...
nothing wrong at all.
I will not accept your resignation.
You did make mistakes,
but I understand why you made them.
So don't act like you're guilty when you're around me.
That's exactly what...
makes me feel uncomfortable.
I...
trust and...
believe you.
Don't trust me.
As a civil-rights lawyer,
I thought I could never tell even the smallest of lies.
This job proved me wrong.
Everyone's capable of changing.
But still,
I will trust you and deal with the consequences.
But my sister...
I like your sister.
I like her very much. Does that fact...
pose as a problem between...
our relationship?
- Not right now. - Then...
please proceed.
Martin flew into Korea today.
And the Santa Maria Team?
Once the deal's done, they will...
lose all their research on Aji 3.
We located Jang Doo Sam,
but he refused to cooperate.
[VIU Ver] E28 I'm Not a Robot "Just a Product Owned by a Man"
-= Ruo Xi =-
We'll be there soon.
We're still charging her. We'll start packing when you arrive.
Let's try to keep this quiet.
Aji 3.
What's the cow that we can't eat?
I don't know.
Aji 3, you're going to a nice place.
You'll meet a new master and be happy.
Don't worry.
(Sadness)
Today, you are telling a lie to make me happy.
Once the deal's done, they will...
lose all their research on Aji 3.
(Written Statement)
(Statement)
Min Kyu,
Ji A really didn't know anything.
It was all our... No, it was my fault.
Ji A wanted to back out, and I convinced her not to.
It was me.
I'm sorry.
Master.
I think you should come out here.
Something's going on in the outhouse.
Wow. So interesting.
Beautiful girl.
I'll take you apart and all the technology you're made of.
Team Santa Maria. Thank you.
Taking apart Aji 3 before signing the contract...
is against our terms.
Calm down.
Today's our first day of testing.
I'll take her apart after arriving in England.
I can take apart her face by myself.
I want to see the motor assembly behind her skin.
Don't even think about touching her before signing the contract.
Sorry. We didn't mean to come here.
We had to to charge Aji 3.
We'll have our things moved soon.
Where's Aji 3?
Where is she?
They took her.
We meant to send her anyway.
How could you let her go that easily?
Is that what Aji 3 meant to your team?
It wasn't easy. It was beyond our control, it was...
the only way.
You asked your ex to pretend to be a robot for 50 million...
and conned me to think it was a test.
Where did those guts go?
You should've done everything you could.
I'm sorry.
Don't apologize to me, apologize to them.
Sorry, brother.
We all agreed to it.
I'm sorry, brother.
I'm really sorry.
Sorry. I really am.
Aren't any of you angry?
If you want to be angry at me, go ahead.
You know why...
we sent her away.
Do you want to brag that you let her go for me?
Do whatever you want. I don't care.
Kim Min Kyu.
Do you know...
what it's like to have the media hound you?
I know,
we know...
because we've been through it.
It means being branded forever.
However loud you speak the truth, no one will listen.
The rest of your life...
will end up the way the media portrays you.
We...
don't want to see you...
end up like that.
Did I ask for this?
How is it?
It's amazing.
It's not only the technology that surprises me.
The learning ability is out of this world.
The client will love this.
Will I be upgraded?
Yes. You'll be a military robot.
The world's most dangerous weapon.
Am I not supposed to live with humans?
You're just a product owned by a man.
This man.
You do not exist as a living creature.
If you checked enough,
I will keep Aji 3 before the contract tomorrow.
To avoid being tracked,
let me take out the GPS before you take it.
(Jo Ji A)
(Kim Min Kyu)
Hi.
Did you sleep?
Yes, I just woke.
You?
I had a lot to do.
Why are you laughing?
You're really President Jo.
Are you pleased?
Yes, really pleased.
No wonder talking to you felt so familiar.
Did it?
When you changed your number, I was really upset.
Did you change it to avoid me?
If I got another call from you,
I thought I'd end up running to you.
Is something wrong?
Shall I come over?
No, later, in the evening.
Right now...
I have to do something.
The team follows the leader and the leader takes responsibility.
The full burden of responsibility rests on your shoulders.
I know that.
I know what you want me to say.
Then say it.
Only the truth.
Jo Ji A...
was my first love.
One day,
she disappeared without telling me why.
I made Aji 3 to look like her...
to find the answer.
Now, I found the answer.
I got to understand Ji A,
and more than anything, I know myself better.
With this, one chapter of my life...
has ended.
You two in Geoje Island...
looked great together.
I mean it.
You looked so sweet that...
I almost wanted to tell you everything.
But I lost the chance to.
I'm sorry.
I think the crucial moment always passes by...
when you hesitate.
I dropped the lawsuits.
I won't let Aji 3 go,
and I'll stop tomorrow's deal from happening.
Not because I forgave you.
It's because...
it's the right thing to do for KM Financial.
Come in.
Sir, Director Kim is here.
You came to see me?
What a rare event.
Let's sit.
So,
why are you here?
I plan to...
resign as director.
I'll make no management decisions.
In return,
- I have one condition. - A condition?
Sell the Santa Maria Team to me.
In return for giving up KM Financial,
you want to own the team that deceived you?
It's not a bad deal.
That would be when I didn't know about your illness.
You're in no condition to carry out your duties.
Until now,
despite my condition,
I earned a lot of money...
for this company.
What do you think will happen...
if the world finds out about your illness?
Do you think you'll still be able to keep your position like this?
Please...
do me a favor.
The Santa Maria Research Team...
will get sold to Bold Group tomorrow.
Doctor Hong already agreed to this.
All that's left is for you to accept it.
Min Kyu.
What do you think about voluntarily resigning from your position?
Have you gone mad?
You want to keep the Santa Maria Research Team...
in return for resigning from KM Financial?
You want them even though they made a fool out of you?
That's because they're worth fighting for.
Really?
How are they worth it?
Are they worth it because they're good at scamming people?
You always...
gave me such a hard time and never forgave me...
for what I did to you back when we were young.
But you're willing to risk your money to protect those con artists?
Have you gone insane?
I'm perfectly sane.
As you already know, I know how to do my math.
Listen to me carefully, Yoo Cheol.
Those people...
gave up...
everything they had for me.
I'm sure you and your father...
will never be able to understand them.
(KM Financial Director, Kim Min Kyu)
I won't beat around the bush.
I'm going to cancel your marriage with Ri El.
I was...
careless.
You were very careless.
Chairman Martin will be signing a contract tomorrow.
I'm sure you already know...
what will happen after he signs that contract.
We need to do everything we can to stop this for KM Financial.
I'll gather the board members for an emergency meeting.
Please help me do this.
Ri El will be getting married to Yoo Cheol soon.
That's my answer.
I'll start planning out your wedding with Yoo Cheol...
as soon as we sign the contract with Bold Group.
Dad.
I told you to let me go.
I don't want to live like this anymore.
You always acknowledged Min Kyu's competence.
You thought of him as family for 15 years.
How can you turn your back on him so suddenly?
Family? Who?
Min Kyu?
Were you always supporting him...
with this kind of mindset?
Don't you feel sorry for him?
Yes, I'm Reporter Park.
I just got the article via email.
This is interesting.
If this goes public, it'll go crazy online.
And everyone will be talking about it for a while.
I'll be on standby. Tell me whenever you're ready.
(A Serious Mental Illness: Mistaking a Human Being for a Robot)
Okay.
(Reply: A reinvestigation regarding Chairman Park Sung Jin's death)
What is this?
Let's go home.